c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PR\PR\bin\Debug\PR.exe
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PR\PR\bin\Debug\PR.pdb
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PR\PR\bin\Debug\PR.xml
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PR\PR\bin\Debug\ComunicacionProcesos.dll
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PR\PR\bin\Debug\Configuracion.dll
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PR\PR\bin\Debug\Iconos.dll
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PR\PR\bin\Debug\InterfazUsuario.dll
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PR\PR\bin\Debug\ObjetosDeNegocio.dll
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PR\PR\bin\Debug\AccesoBD.dll
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PR\PR\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PR\PR\bin\Debug\ComunicacionProcesos.pdb
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PR\PR\bin\Debug\ComunicacionProcesos.xml
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PR\PR\bin\Debug\Configuracion.pdb
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PR\PR\bin\Debug\Configuracion.xml
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PR\PR\bin\Debug\Iconos.pdb
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PR\PR\bin\Debug\Iconos.xml
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PR\PR\bin\Debug\InterfazUsuario.pdb
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PR\PR\bin\Debug\InterfazUsuario.xml
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PR\PR\bin\Debug\ObjetosDeNegocio.pdb
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PR\PR\bin\Debug\ObjetosDeNegocio.xml
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PR\PR\bin\Debug\AccesoBD.pdb
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PR\PR\bin\Debug\AccesoBD.xml
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PR\PR\obj\Debug\PR.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PR\PR\obj\Debug\PR.Resources.resources
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PR\PR\obj\Debug\PR.venCargando.resources
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PR\PR\obj\Debug\PR.venGuardando.resources
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PR\PR\obj\Debug\PR.venPrincipal.resources
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PR\PR\obj\Debug\PR.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PR\PR\obj\Debug\PR.exe
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PR\PR\obj\Debug\PR.xml
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PR\PR\obj\Debug\PR.pdb
